docs/componentsguide/mapcontrols/printdialog/index.md, before:

# ol-printdialog-control

> A print dialog to print the current map canvas content.

## Demo

See [Demo page for all Map Controls](../index.md)

## Properties

### lang

control language, default en

- **Type**: `String`
- **Default**: `en`

### title

button title

- **Type**: `String`

### className

class of the control

- **Type**: `String`

### imageType

string indicating the image format, default image/jpeg

- **Type**: `String`
- **Default**: `image/jpeg`

### quality

number between 0 and 1 indicating the image quality to use for image formats that use lossy compression such as image/jpeg and image/webp.

- **Type**: `Number`

### orientation

Page orientation (`'landscape'` / `'portrait'`), default guest the best one

- **Type**: `String`

### immediate

force print even if render is not complete, default false

- **Type**: `Boolean`
- **Default**: `false`

### openWindow

open the file in a new window on print

- **Type**: `Boolean`
- **Default**: `false`

### copy

add a copy select option

- **Type**: `Boolean`
- **Default**: `true`

### print

add a print select option

- **Type**: `Boolean`
- **Default**: `true`

### pdf

add a pdf select option

- **Type**: `Boolean`
- **Default**: `true`

### saveAs

a function to save the image as blob

- **Type**: `Function`

### jsPDF

[jsPDF](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jspdf) object to save map as pdf

- **Type**: `Object`

Commit message:

refactor(ol-printdialog-control): reflect `ol-ext/control/PrintDialog` 1:1
closes #197

docs/componentsguide/mapcontrols/printdialog/index.md, after:

# ol-printdialog-control

> A print dialog to print the current map canvas content.

## Demo

See [Demo page for all Map Controls](../index.md)

## Properties

The properties are reflected 1:1 from [ol-ext/control/PrintDialog](https://viglino.github.io/ol-ext/doc/doc-pages/ol.control.PrintDialog.html).

### lang

control language, default en

- **Type**: `String`
- **Default**: `en`

### title

button title

- **Type**: `String`

### className

class of the control

- **Type**: `String`

### imageType

string indicating the image format, default image/jpeg

- **Type**: `String`
- **Default**: `image/jpeg`

### quality

number between 0 and 1 indicating the image quality to use for image formats that use lossy compression such as image/jpeg and image/webp.

- **Type**: `Number`

### orientation

Page orientation (`'landscape'` / `'portrait'`), default guest the best one

- **Type**: `String`

### immediate

force print even if render is not complete, default false

- **Type**: `Boolean`
- **Default**: `false`

### openWindow

open the file in a new window on print

- **Type**: `Boolean`
- **Default**: `false`

### copy

add a copy select option

- **Type**: `Boolean`
- **Default**: `true`

### print

add a print select option

- **Type**: `Boolean`
- **Default**: `true`

### pdf

add a pdf select option

- **Type**: `Boolean`
- **Default**: `true`

### saveAs

a function to save the image as blob

- **Type**: `Function`

### jsPDF

[jsPDF](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jspdf) object to save map as pdf

- **Type**: `Object`
